----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright and Open Source Software License
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2015-2019 South Carolina Research Foundation
All Rights Reserved

AEO-Light, Ver. 2.3.3
Greg Wilsbacher, Pencho Petrushev, L. Scott Johnson, Tommy Aschenbach,
and the South Carolina Research Foundation

Open Source Software License

This Open Source Software License ("License") applies to the original
work of authorship, herein known as AEO-Light ("Original Work") whose
owner, South Carolina Research Foundation, ("Licensor") has placed the
following licensing terms and conditions adjacent to the copyright
notice for the Original Work:

(1) Source Code. The term "Source Code" means the preferred form of
the Original Work for making modifications to it and all available
documentation describing how to modify the Original Work. Licensor
agrees to provide a machine-readable copy of the Source Code of the
Original Work along with each copy of the Original Work that Licensor
distributes. Licensor reserves the right to satisfy this obligation by
placing a machine-readable copy of the Source Code in an information
repository reasonably calculated to permit inexpensive and convenient
access by Licensee for as long as Licensor continues to distribute the
Original Work.

(2) Aggregate. A compilation of the Original Work with other separate
and independent works, which are not by their nature extensions of the
Original Work, and which are not combined with it such as to form a
larger program, in or on a volume of a storage or distribution medium,
shall be called an "Aggregate" if the compilation and its resulting
copyright are not used to limit the access or legal rights of the
compilation's users beyond what the individual works permit. Inclusion
of the Original Work in an Aggregate, and not as a Derivative Work,
does not cause this License to apply to the other parts of the
Aggregate.

(3) License. Licensor grants Licensee a worldwide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive license, for the duration of the copyright, to do the
following:

a) to reproduce the Original Work in copies, either alone or as part
of a collective work;
b) to translate, adapt, alter, transform, modify, or arrange the
Original Work, thereby creating derivative works ("Derivative Works")
based upon the Original Work;
c) to distribute or communicate copies of the Original Work and
Derivative Works to the public, with the condition that copies of
Original Work or Derivative Works that Licensee distribute or
communicate shall be licensed under this Open Source Software License;
d) to perform the Original Work publicly; and
e) to display the Original Work publicly.

Licensor grants to the United States Government, and others acting on
its behalf, a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable worldwide license to
reproduce, to distribute copies to the public, to prepare derivative
works, to perform publicly and to display publicly, and to permit
others to do so.

(4) Redistribution. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, the terms of this License, and the Warranty
Disclaimer as set out in Section 7 hereof. Any Derivative Works should
be noted with comments and the author and organization's name.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, the terms of this License, and the Warranty Disclaimer as set
out in Section 7 hereof in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. The software and any end-user
documentation included with a redistribution, if any, must include the
following acknowledgment:

This product includes software produced by South Carolina Research
Foundation under contract PR-50122 with the National Endowment of the
Humanities.

(5) Restrictions. Neither the names of Licensor, nor the names of any
contributors to the Original Work, nor any of their trademarks or
service marks, may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this Original Work without express prior permission of the Licensor.
Except as expressly stated herein, nothing in this License grants any
license to Licensor's trademarks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets
or any other intellectual property. No license is granted to the
trademarks of Licensor even if such marks are included in the Original
Work. Nothing in this License shall be interpreted to prohibit
Licensor from licensing under terms different from this License any
Original Work that Licensor otherwise would have a right to license.

(6) External Deployment. The term "External Deployment" means the use,
distribution, or communication of the Original Work or Derivative
Works in any way such that the Original Work or Derivative Works may
be used by anyone other than Licensee, whether those works are
distributed or communicated to those persons or made available as an
application intended for use over a network. As an express condition
for the grants of license hereunder, Licensee must treat any External
Deployment by Licensee of the Original Work or a Derivative Work as a
distribution under Section 3(c) hereof.

(7) Attribution Rights. Licensee must retain, in the Source Code of
any Derivative Work that Licensee creates, all copyright notices from
the Source Code of the Original Work, as well as any notices of
licensing and any descriptive text identified therein as an
"Attribution Notice." Licensee must cause the Source Code for any
Derivative Works that Licensee creates to carry a prominent
Attribution Notice reasonably calculated to inform recipients that
Licensee has modified the Original Work.

(8) DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE ORIGINAL WORK IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS
LICENSE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND NEITHER THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
NOR THE SOUTH CAROLINA RESEARCH FOUNDATION NOR ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES
MAKE ANY WARRANTY, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ASSUME ANY LEGAL LIABILITY OR
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF ANY
INFORMATION, DATA, APPARATUS, PRODUCT, OR PROCESS DISCLOSED. THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY OF THE ORIGINAL WORK IS WITH YOU. THIS
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE.
NO LICENSE TO THE ORIGINAL WORK IS GRANTED BY THIS LICENSE EXCEPT
UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.

(9) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL
THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT (INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY OR NEGLIGENCE),
CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL THE LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO ANYONE FOR ANY
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY
CHARACTER ARISING AS A RESULT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE
ORIGINAL WORK INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND
ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
SHALL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION.

(10) Acceptance and Termination. If, at any time, Licensee expressly
assented to this License, that assent indicates Licensee's clear and
irrevocable acceptance of this License and all of its terms and
conditions. If Licensee distributes or communicates copies of the
Original Work or a Derivative Work, Licensee must make a reasonable
effort under the circumstances to obtain the express assent of
recipients to the terms of this License. This License conditions
Licensee's rights to undertake the activities listed in Section 2,
including the right to create Derivative Works based upon the Original
Work while complying with this License. Nothing in this License is
intended to affect copyright exceptions and limitations (including
"fair use" or "fair dealing"). This License shall terminate
immediately and Licensee may no longer exercise any of the rights
granted to Licensee by this License upon its failure to honor the
conditions in Section 3(c).

(11) Jurisdiction, Venue and Governing Law. Any action or suit
relating to this License may be brought only in the courts of
Columbia, Richland County, South Carolina; this Agreement will be
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the U.S. Government and to
the extent there is no U.S. Government law, the laws of the State of
South Carolina. Any use of the Original Work outside the scope of this
License or after its termination shall be subject to the requirements
and penalties of copyright law. This section shall survive the
termination of this License.

(12) Miscellaneous. If any provision of this License is held to be
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent
necessary to make it enforceable.

